Add alt text to images and fix minor typos (#523)
Virtual-Coffee/VC-Community-Docs: docs/coffee-table-groups/guides/guide-to-hosting-a-coffee-table-group.md

### Claiming Host and Assigning Co-host

When you arrive in the Zoom, enter the Host Code to claim Host privileges. To do this, navigate to the `#vc-events-admin` channel in Slack and copy the Host Code from the posted Coffee Table group event.

> ![Post to the `#vc-events-admin` channel in Slack showing the host code and Zoom URL](../../_assets/images/host-code.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Post to the `#vc-events-admin` channel in Slack showing an event's name, time and date, location of the event, a host code, and a channel to post the announcement](../../_assets/images/host-code.png)
```

Back in Zoom, open the Participants tab and click on the 'Claim host' button to input the code.

> ![A Participants tab showing options: 'Invite', 'Unmute me', and 'Claim host' ](../../_assets/images/hostless-zoom.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![A state of Zoom meeting with no Host. The 'Participants' tab shows options: 'Invite', 'Unmute me', and 'Claim host'](../../_assets/images/hostless-zoom.png)
```

> ![Zoom's 'Claim host' modal to type the host key](../../_assets/images/claim-host.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Zoom's 'Claim host' modal with input says 'Enter host key'](../../_assets/images/claim-host.png)
```

Once your Co-host enters the Zoom, hover over their name in the Participants tab and click the 'More ▿' button. Select the 'Make co-host' option to grant them Co-host privileges.

> ![More button dropdown with 'Make co-host option'](../../_assets/images/assign-co-host.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![The 'More' button dropdown with 'Make co-host option on Zoom'](../../_assets/images/assign-co-host.png)
```

Don't forget to click on 'Open all rooms' when you're finished creating them!

> ![Zoom's Breakout room modal showing options: 'Recreate', 'Add room', and 'Open all rooms'](../../_assets/images/breakout-room-options.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Zoom's breakout room settings modal shows selected options for 'Allow participants to choose room', 'Allow participants to return to the main session at any time', 'Countdown after closing breakout rooms', and an 'Open all rooms' button.](../../_assets/images/breakout-room-options.png)
```

  - In addition, this message is always posted to `#vc-events-admin`. The content of this message includes the event name, time, location (Zoom URL), host code, and in which Slack channel the join link is posted. It also displays a 'Join Event' button for the Coffee Table Hosts and Leader to use.
  - The 'Join Event' buttons in both messages are identical, so a Coffee Table Host or Leader can use either one.

> ![Post to the `#vc-events` channel in Slack announcing an event](../../_assets/images/starting-soon-post.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![A post on the `#vc-events` channel in Slack announcing an event that is starting soon](../../_assets/images/starting-soon-post.png)
```
